then the Lord spoke to Moses command the
children of Israel and say to them when
you come into the land of Canaan this is
the land that shall fall to you as an
inheritance the land of Canaan to its
boundaries your southern border shall be
from the wilderness of zin along the
border of Eden then your southern border
shall extend eastward to the end of the
salt sea your border shall turn from the
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
continue to Zin and beyond the South of
Kadesh Barnea then it shall go on to
Heiser Adam and continue to Asma the
border shall turn from asmin to the
brook of Egypt and it shall end at the
scene as for the western border you
shall have the Great Sea for a border
this shall be your western border and
this shall be your northern border from
the Great Sea you shall mark out your
border line to mount halt from mount
halt you shall mark out your border to
the entrance of Haman's then the
direction of the border shall be towards
zealand the border shall proceed to
zip-front
and it shall end at heiser ena this
shall be your northern border you shall
mark out your eastern border from Heiser
'man
- shifu
the border shall go down from sheaf em -
rib lay on the east side of aid the
border shall go down and reach to the
eastern side of the sea of kynareth the
border shall go down along the Jordan
and it shall end at the salt sea this
shall be your land with its surrounding
boundaries then Moses commanded the
children of Israel this is the land
which you shall inherit by luck which
the Lord has commanded to give to the
nine tribes into the half tribe of the
tribe of the children of Reuben
according to the house of their fathers
and the tribe of the children of GAD
have received their inheritance and the
half tribe of Manasseh has received its
inheritance the two tribes and a half
tribe have received their inheritance on
this side of the Jordan across from
Jericho eastward toward the sunrise and
the Lord spoke to Moses these are the
names of the men who shall divide the
land among you as an inheritance Eleazar
the priest and Joshua the son of nun and
you shall take one leader of every tribe
to divide the land for the inheritance
these are the names of the men from the
tribe of Judah Caleb the son of
Jephunneh from the tribe of the children
of Simeon Shem um the son of a mind from
the tribe of Benjamin allied and the son
of Kislev
a leader from the tribe of the children
of Dan Baca the son of Jordan from the
sons of Joseph a leader from the tribe
of the children of Manasseh Haniel the
son of ephod and a leader from the tribe
of the children of Ephraim camula the
son of shiftin a leader from the tribe
of the children of Zebulun Ella's affirm
the son of panic a leader from the tribe
of the children of Issachar Pelletier
the son of Azzam a leader from the tribe
of the children of Asher a hired the son
of Shalom on and a leader from the tribe
of the children of NAFTA line ped ahem
the son of a my heart these are the ones
the LORD commanded to divide the
inheritance among the children of Israel
in the land of Canaan